good and we continue in 3 and now we're
on the bus of electronic arts in i
esports we are with sebastián enrique
leading producer of fifa 14 for this
generation of consoles and now that we
has an Argentine who is working
in a larger company in the world
development of the games sebastian
thanks for the interview you can give us
count of fifa 14 no thanks for coming
I hope you are enjoying 3 fifa
14 this year comes with everything in
terms of gameplay and 4 changes very
important that we are making one what
that we call precision movement that what
is that is to change how the
players inside the field because if one
is fixed in real life as the
people move or change direction
they always have one foot resting on the
good land that did not happen in the
games one sees and one can change from
address at any time but
good is a technology that we had is
developing for two years now
we incorporated into the game and really
completely change the way you play
because it also allows us to have the
inertia of the players allows us
have the acceleration and deceleration not
it's the same if you want to accelerate I do not know
how with messi that with
puyol then there are many things that
just a control war feels
very different feels much more natural
much more soccer and apart from that in
definition terms what we change
is how the arch is finished and not the
mechanical but yes many more animations
much more
new types of shots and apart as
players approach the ball and
apart from that we rewrite everything that
is the physics of the ball to have
shots like we could not have
before as the ronaldo Christian that
does the zigzag but they are very many
new trajectories that when one
really makes the goals feel
wonderful all goals are
really different and apart from that other
fundamental changes what we call
protect the ball that is to protect the
The ball is a new game mechanic that
how do you see it, how do you like it?
protects the ball using the good body
that 's what they're going to be able to do
matter moving in any
address any speed can
enter to protect the ball and what
allows this is that one plays more a
game of possession of the ball that is
much more interesting and much more soccer
in that sense that is nothing more than
run arch bow all the time
fantastic and good this franchise that a
world level is growing day by day and
every time it is like staying with the subject
of football the truth that other news
you can give us around fifa apart
of game mechanics pretty much
era how will you get to the
Argentina licenses all that can be
count the release is going to be late
September is September 27 in
europe and on September 24 more or less
in North America and Latin America is such
between those dates
apart from made the issue of licenses
I still can not tell anything they are going to have
wait until August and soon there is not
despair there we will have the
news but there are many other good
things other than that as in mode
race also what we are doing
is to change the user interface to
make it much more convenient much more
easy and apart from that there is adding that
we call the global transfer network
because when one plays change mobile the
career mode what happened was that outside
of the gameplay was fun just in
the transfer window but now
what one can do is to contract like this
the scouts and go giving them instructions
to discover new players
that when one reaches the window of
transfer you can hire them
then those new game mechanics
out of what is the gameplay for
make everything much more interesting and much
more fun well and apart from this
meat party career mode there is a
is that at least has many acts
what is the ultimate team is there any
Novelty related to this mode will
have latest style news we are going to
be counting soon both
latest news and five novelties
since
online interesting things come like this
that they are going to have to wait also for a
month more let's say good sebastián we know
that these families and that we do not want you
bother and we want to thank you
again this interview is for
agreed and all the people who are
seeing in argentina so it's very good
get here and find people who talk
the same language as us so
thank Sebastian of course grows
Thank you to all cordobeses
thanks to all argentina and I love you
publicly thank the shirt for
belgrano that you gave me that really
I'm very happy it was a promise and the
we fulfill so well here you can read
read thanks sebastián good
we close from here then we go back to
córdoba in a few days and well this was the
interview with sebastián enrique lee
producer of fifa 14 for the whole world